---
ID: 8
post_title: home
author: admin
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: http://cms-sl.com/home/
published: true
post_date: 2014-08-05 18:09:47
---
<span style="color: #ff6600;">[metaslider id=396]</span>
<p class="p1">[one_half]&lt;div&gt;&lt;p&gt;<span style="color: #ff6600;">Mission Statement:</span></p>
<p class="p1"><span style="color: #000000;">To implement low cost and efficient solutions to the piling of foundations for buildings and marina structures in Caribbean islands where the costs of imported materials and specialist services are generally very high.</span>&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;[/one_half][one_half_last]&lt;p&gt;<span style="color: #ff6600;">History:</span></p>
<p class="p1">CMS was founded in 2004, initially as a shallow-water marine contractor, building docks and jetties, restoring beaches, laying mooring buoys and building/repairing sea defences. The company was acquired by the present management in 2008 and diversified into onshore foundation piling in late 2011.&lt;/p&gt;[/one_half_last]</p>
<span style="color: #ff6600;">Mission Statement: </span> To implement low cost and efficient solutions to the piling of foundations for buildings and marina structures in Caribbean islands where the costs of imported materials and specialist services are generally very high. <span style="color: #ff6600;">History:</span> CMS was founded in 2004, initially as a shallow-water marine contractor, building docks and jetties, restoring beaches, laying mooring buoys and building/repairing sea defences. The company was acquired by the present management in 2008 and diversified into onshore foundation piling in late 2011. <span style="color: #ff6600;">Current Services:</span> <strong>Piling Onshore</strong> – CMS specialises in the installation of <strong>Ductile Iron Piles – DIP -</strong> a uniquely economic and practical solution for building foundations in islands where the alternative is to import reinforced concrete or steel piles – with all the costs of materials, freight, materials handling and high taxes and duties based on imported costs. By contrast, DIP are low cost, easily transported and handled, quick to install and have comparable load-bearing characteristics to conventional piles. <strong>Piling Inshore</strong> – CMS installs all forms of steel, wood and fibreglass piles for marina and jetty projects – using its shallow-water crane barge which carries a variety of piling equipment. Recently, CMS has specialised in installing <strong>Vinyl Sheet Piles</strong> to stabilise land/water margins where their high resistance to corrosion and long life make an ideal solution in Caribbean waters where corrosion is rampant due to the combination of high water temperatures and highly active marine organisms. <strong>Other Services</strong> – CMS still provides its original range of marine construction, engineering, surveying and installation services – together with comprehensive static and dynamic pile testing CMS has a conventional onshore construction capability, built around one of its major shareholder Directors, who has over 20 years’ experience with his third generation UK family construction company and has project managed the construction of hotel, commercial and residential structures in St Lucia. <span style="color: #ff6600;">Engineering Solutions:</span> CMS works directly with Tiroler Rohre GmbH (TRM) the Austrian manufacturer of DIP piles and with Crane Material International (CMI) the inventor and principal manufacturer of Vinyl Sheet Piles – to generate unique engineering solutions to each piling challenge. <strong> </strong> <span style="color: #ff6600;">Mobilisation:</span> CMS is based in St Lucia but can mobilise with its piling equipment to any Caribbean island in about ten days. Projects have been carried out recently in St Kitts, Grenada and Guyana and projects are under review in Turks &amp; Caicos, Aruba and Haiti <span style="color: #ff6600;">Contact Details: </span> Sam Verity – Managing Director – Cell +1 758 485 1141; e-mail <a href="mailto:sam@cms-sl.com">sam@cms-sl.com</a> Kelsey Kerridge – Director – St Lucia Cell +1 758 285 5367; e-mail <a href="mailto:kelsey@cms-sl.com">kelsey@cms-sl.com</a> UK Cell: Office: Phone +1 758 458 3188; Fax: +1 758 451 4872; e-mail <a href="mailto:info@cms-sl.com">info@cms-sl.com</a>